# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The data for use in this project is the UCI Bank Marketing dataset on client responses acquired through a direct call marketing campaign by a Portuguese banking Institution with the aim to access whether a client would subscribe for the bank term deposit given as a ‘yes’, or a ‘no’. Therefore, the problem suggests a binary classification problem where the goal is to predict if the client will subscribe a term deposit. The data can be found here: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing

For this classification task of predicting, ‘yes’ or ‘no’, the Voting Ensemble model from the AutoML pipeline emerged as the best forming model by a 91.68% accuracy. 

#The Azure ML Pipelines
## Scikit-learn Pipeline
In this project, the Azure ML SDK services is employed to train a standard Scikit-learn Logistic Regression model on the Bank Marketing ‘tabular’ dataset on a single-node CPU through employing the capabilities of the Azure ML HyperDrive for optimizing the hyperparameters. The pipeline is illustrated below.

![]
## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
